add links to THP doc (#21842)
pingcap/docs: check-before-deployment.md

For TiDB in the production environment, it is recommended to optimize the operating system configuration in the following ways:

> 1. Refer to [Memory—transparent huge page (THP)](/tune-operating-system.md#memory-transparent-huge-page-thp) and disable THP. The memory access pattern of databases is usually sparse. When higher-order memory becomes heavily fragmented, the system experiences increased latency when allocating THPs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Refer to [Memory—transparent huge page (THP)](/tune-operating-system.md#memorytransparent-huge-page-thp) and disable THP. The memory access pattern of databases is usually sparse. When higher-order memory becomes heavily fragmented, the system experiences increased latency when allocating THPs.
```

2. Refer to [I/O scheduler](/tune-operating-system/#I/O scheduler) and set the I/O Scheduler of the storage media.

    - For the high-speed SSD storage, the kernel's default I/O scheduling operations might cause performance loss. It is recommended to set the I/O Scheduler to first-in-first-out (FIFO), such as `noop` or `none`. This configuration allows the kernel to pass I/O requests directly to hardware without scheduling, thus improving performance.
    - For NVMe storage, the default I/O Scheduler is `none`, so no adjustment is needed.

> 3. Refer to [CPU—frequency scaling](/tune-operating-system/#CPU—frequency scaling) and choose the `performance` mode for the cpufrequ module which controls the CPU frequency. The performance is maximized when the CPU frequency is fixed at its highest supported operating frequency without dynamic adjustment.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Refer to [CPU—frequency scaling](/tune-operating-system.md#cpufrequency-scaling) to choose the `performance` mode for the cpufrequ module which controls the CPU frequency. The performance is maximized when the CPU frequency is fixed at its highest supported operating frequency without dynamic adjustment.
```
